**TERMS & CONDITIONS OF THE CONTEST**

**\"Harry Styles-Inspired Wishlist Contest by mesh\"**

**CONTEST ORGANIZER AND OFFICIAL CONTEST TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

1.1. The "**Harry Styles-Inspired Wishlist Contest by mesh**",
hereinafter referred to as the CONTEST is organized and conducted by
IMMERSIVIBES SRL, Unique Registration Code RO41860932, Registration
Number J40/15084/2019, with headquarters in Bucharest, sector 3, Str.
Aleea Rotunda, No. 4, BUCHAREST county, hereinafter referred to as the
Organizer.

1.2. The CONTEST will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of
these Terms and Conditions; the terms and conditions are mandatory for
all participants.

1.3. The Organizer reserves the right to modify the Terms and Conditions
at any time, such modifications will become effective upon their prior
communication to the participants by displaying them in the mesh mobile
app in the section dedicated to this CONTEST's Terms and Conditions.

**CONTEST DURATION**

2.1. The CONTEST takes place during the period 12-25 February 2024

**RIGHTS AND CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTEST**

3.1. All individuals over the age of 18 can participate in this CONTEST.

3.2. The Organizer reserves the right to exclude from the CONTEST
participants who violate or harm good morals, and/or the image of the
Organizer.

**CONTEST MECHANISM**

4.1. Each person who, during the period ..., registers for the CONTEST
in-app, saves at least 5 products in the dedicated contest list, and has
at least 3 friends in the Organizer\'s app, mesh, will automatically
enter the Contest for the prize indicated in Chapter 5 of these Terms
and Conditions.

Registration in the CONTEST through the aforementioned method
constitutes the person\'s consent for the processing of their personal
data by the organiser, under the conditions detailed in Article 7.

4.2. Each participant can register only once in the CONTEST through the
above-mentioned method, using a single mesh account. It is prohibited
for an individual to participate in this CONTEST using multiple mesh
accounts. A participant is entitled to win only one prize.

4.3. The prize will be awarded following the votes made through mesh
app, during the CONTEST period. The user who gathers the highest number
of votes will be declared the winner. A reserve will also be designated
(if the winner cannot benefit from the prize for reasons independent of
the Organizer, it will be invalidated and the prize will be awarded to
the next reserve).

4.4. The winner will be announced by mesh through a post on social media
channels about winning the prize, but also through a message sent to the
phone number used for creating the account in the app, within 2 working
days from the selection of the person with the most votes received by
which they were designated winner.

4.5. Acceptance of the prize must be communicated to the organiser by
the announced winner within 1 working day from the moment of its
announcement.

In the absence of this or if the designated winner cannot be contacted,
the prize will be invalidated and awarded to the next reserve.

4.6. The prize will be sent to the bank account communicated by the
winner to the Organizer, only after they have been informed in advance
and accepted the prize.

4.7. The winner cannot request the replacement of the prize with another
type of Prize.

**CONTEST PRIZE**

The CONTEST involves awarding the following prize:

5.1. 100 euros, at the official exchange rate on the day of the
transfer.

**TAXES AND FEES**

6.1. The Organiser undertakes to calculate, withhold, and transfer to
the state budget the tax due for the income obtained by the individual
winners from this CONTEST, in accordance with the provisions of Lg.
227/2015 with subsequent amendments, regarding the Fiscal Code. Any
other fiscal obligations or of any other nature, related to these, are
the exclusive responsibility of each winner. The prizes offered in the
CONTEST are not taxable.

**PROTECTION IN CASE OF PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA**

The personal data of the participants in the CONTEST will be processed
in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the
protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data
and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.

7.1. Data regarding the personal data operator

The personal data of the participants will be processed by IMMERSIVIBES
SRL (with contact details detailed in Art. 1.1), as the organiser of the
CONTEST.

7.2. Purpose of processing

The personal data of the participants in the CONTEST will be processed
by the Operator, for:

\(i\) organising and conducting the CONTEST;

\(ii\) designating and validating the winners;

\(iii\) awarding/delivering the prizes.

Please note that the personal data of the winner, as a mesh user, will
be processed in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Policy
regarding the processing and protection of personal data belonging to
mesh users, which can be found in the mesh app, in the Privacy Policy
section. This processing is not subject to this CONTEST regulation.

7.3. Categories of personal data processed for the conduct of the
CONTEST

For registration and conduct of the CONTEST, including for contacting
participants in connection with this CONTEST, the Operator will process
the following categories of personal data:

• mesh user ID, name, surname, and opinions expressed in the comments
posted on social media pages during the CONTEST;

• in the case of the winner, it will be necessary to additionally
process the phone number, and IBAN (for the transfer of the prize).

7.4. Legal basis for processing

The legal basis for processing these personal data is the consent of the
data subjects collected in accordance with art. 4.1 of these Official
Terms and Conditions.

7.5. Recipients of personal data

For selecting the winner, the total number of votes given by users
and/or non-users of the mesh app is used.

7.6. Rights of participants regarding the processing of personal data

The Organizer guarantees participants the exercise of the rights
provided by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as detailed
in the dedicated section of the mesh Privacy Policy, found in the mesh
app.

7.7. Storage period

The processed data of the winner are kept per the applicable legal
provisions, for a maximum of 10 (ten) years from the end of the
financial year in which the financial accounting documents were issued.

**TERMINATION OF THE CONTEST**

The present CONTEST may end before the term provided in the regulations
in the event of a major force event that makes it impossible to conduct
the CONTEST or if the Organizer decides this fact, publicly
communicating the respective change to the Terms and Conditions. If,
following subsequent checks, it is found that the conditions provided in
these Terms and Conditions have been violated, the Organizer reserves
the right to withdraw the awarded prize.

**LITIGATION**

Any disputes arising between the Organizer and the participants in this
CONTEST will be resolved amicably or, if this is not possible, the
disputes will be settled by the competent Romanian courts.

**FINAL PROVISIONS**

This CONTEST is not cumulative with other contests of the organiser
currently underway.

Participation in this CONTEST implies the mandatory obligation of the
participants to respect the provisions of these IMMERSIVIBES SRL Terms
and Conditions.
